Acrobatics|AGI|You are graceful and nimble. You can stand up from prone without using an action, and any time you take damage from a fall, reduce it by two points. 
Anger Management|NER|You are very good at channeling bad feelings in useful ways. When you are wounded, your strength increases by two points. This increase effects your strength rolls, passive strength, armor, encumbrance threshold, and any other derived statistics.
Animal Care|NER|When you study an animal for a few seconds, you can determine its mood, health, and immediate intentions. You can use an action to pacify a nervous or hostile animal with soothing words and behavior. However, your efforts will be undone if you act in hostility towards the animal or the animal’s allies.
Archeology|INT|You have a sophisticated understanding of the way the antebellum world worked. You understand the function of all prewar artifacts which were well-known at the time of their creation. 
Archery|PER|While using a bow or sling, you do not need to use an action to reload it.  Additionally, bows, slings, and crossbows have a range of 20 when you use them. 
Athletics|AGI|Recharge J: Gain a bonus die which can be used for a movement action only. This ability does not need to be used on your turn.
Aviation|PER|You know how to fly a variety of aircraft, including airplanes, helicopters, autogyros, and gliders. The skill and instincts required to fly such craft make you confident with handling other vehicles at high speed. 
Bushwhacking|AGI|You are skilled at concealing yourself from and sneaking up on opponents. When making a melee attack against an enemy who is not aware of your presence, increase your target’s condition by an extra step after dealing damage.
Campcraft|INT|You are skilled at making shelter and tools out of natural materials. You can create items from the craft goods list. For every dollar worth of item, you must spend at least one hour of work and $0.50 in supplies. These supplies can also be gathered from the wilderness for no cost, but doing so doubles the amount of time it takes to complete an item. 
Chemistry|INT|You are skilled at the identification, creation, and use of a variety of different chemicals. You can create items from the chemical creations list. For every dollar worth of item, you must spend at least one hour of work and $0.50 in supplies. 
Courage|NER|You are especially good at resisting the effects of fear and panic. You cannot be suppressed by enemy attacks.
Dexterity|PER|You have nimble fingers, and can manipulate things quickly and precisely. You can pick locks in a single action, rather than the usual minute. If you pick a lock and take the full minute, you automatically succeed.
Digital Arts|INT|You understand the use of software well and know several common computer languages. This allows you to perform complex tasks on computers and to repair advanced electronic devices given enough time and resources. A vast majority of digital electronics have long since failed, and breathing life into them is a valuable skill.
Engineering|INT|You can create items from the mechanical equipment list. For every dollar worth of item, you must spend at least two hours of work and $0.50 in supplies. This may also require the use of a tool kit or entire workshop, depending on what you intend to make.
Fast Hands|AGI|While using a manually operated weapon you can treat it as semiautomatic. Recharge J: Gain a bonus die which can be used in an action to handle an object. This ability does not need to be used on your turn.
Fine Arts|NER|You are an expert in an artistic field, capable of creating true masterpieces. Although many believe fine art has no place in the postbellum world, that just makes you more valuable to those who appreciate your skill. You begin play with a patron who supports you, granting you a place to live and basic amenities so long as you use them to pursue your art. If you for whatever reason lose your patron, you can attempt to find a new one by displaying your skills to the wealthiest members of a community.
First Aid|INT|You can perform first aid in a single action during combat. In order to do this, you must have a medical kit in your hands and your patient must be willing to receive (or unable to resist) your care.
Foraging|PER|When you forage or hunt for food in lush areas, you find twice as much. In less lush areas such as desert or tundra, you can still forage as normal. While foraging, you can also find a number of natural remedies which can be used as a medical kit or antibiotics. These natural remedies only remain fresh and useful for a day after they are harvested.
Grazed|AGI|You have a knack for getting out of the way just in time. Recharge J: When you take damage, draw half as many cards, rounded down.
Gunfighting|AGI|Your aim with ranged weapons is fast and deadly. Recharge Q: Gain a bonus die which can be used for a suppression or ranged attack action only. This ability does not need to be used on your turn.
Hard Choices|NER|You know how to make the difficult decisions. When you advance a character’s condition to immediate, you may choose to kill them outright. Recharge K: Add all discarded cards to the damage deck and shuffle it. This action can be used at any time.
Investigation|PER|You are especially good at uncovering hidden information. When you see though a lie or find a hidden object, you can glean a piece of information about the motives of the person who was attempting to conceal the truth.
Law|INT|You know how to read a room. After spending five minutes or more with an individual or a group while specifically trying to notice information about them, you can glean a useful insight about a person or the relationship these two people have. This insight might reveal an exploitable weakness or a piece of information which can be used to gain their favor.
Leadership|NER|People often look to you for guidance.  Recharge K: You can spend an action directing your allies to perform a particular action, such as attacking a specific enemy or accomplish a particular task. Until your next turn, all rolls made by you and your allies to accomplish that task gain a +2 bonus.
Marksmanship|PER|You are a crack shot with ranged weapons. When you make a ranged attack roll with two dice and roll high enough on both dice to hit, you advance your target’s condition by an extra step.
Master-at-Arms|AGI|If you make a melee attack with two dice and roll high enough with both that either would hit, you can disarm or trip your opponent after dealing damage.
Medicine|INT|You are trained in the medical arts, and are able to preform the medical procedures any doctor could with the right equipment. When you make first aid attempts, you automatically succeed. 
Orienteering|INT|You understand the use and making of maps, as well as navigation of the wilderness. You can make high quality maps of areas you have been in, or combine preexisting maps which overlap. If you have a detailed map of the area you are traveling through, you are not slowed by rough terrain while traveling.
Pugilism|STR|Once per turn after making an unarmed attack, gain one bonus die which can be used in unarmed attacks.
Red Rover|STR|As an action, you can make a charge. In a charge, you can move a distance up to your speed before making a melee attack. If both actions are used to make a charge, you may either make two charges, or use both dice in a single attack.
Resilience|STR|You are tough and don’t bruise easily. You do not get stunned by taking damage.
Salesmanship|NER|When you make a deal with another character, you can immediately tell if they are trying to cheat you unless they also have this merit. This ability only applies to trades, but it can be a trade of material, service, money, information, or any combination thereof. It may not be clear how the other character intends to fool you, only that they believe they are getting away with something.
Scholarship|INT|You have a sharp memory and your ability to retain information has made you something of a polymath. You have picked up knowledge ranging between almost every subject. This merit can be invoked any time you try to remember information about something, but does not reflect any actual training or experience on anything besides research.
Scrapping|STR|Recharge Q: Gain a bonus die which can be used for a melee, disarm, trip, or feint attack action only. This ability does not need to be used on your turn.
Seamanship|STR|You are experienced with boats, and are a useful hand aboard any water vessel. By instructing others, you can help an untrained crew sail a ship about as well as proper sailors. Your time on the water has made you sensitive to changes in the weather, and you can accurately predict the forecast for the next six hours as long as you have a clear view of the sky.
Spotting|PER|You are good at judging distances and minor variations in the environment which make distant dangers more difficult to notice or hit with a ranged attack. Your penalties for making attacks at long distances are halved.  
Stalking|PER|You are experienced at finding prey and enemies while going unnoticed yourself. When you find tracks, you can determine the number of characters or creatures present, the speed they were traveling at, and if they were injured in a way which affects their pace.  Additionally, if you travel at half your normal pace you cannot be tracked by other characters.
Strategy|INT|You have a head for tactics and timing.  Recharge K: You can use an action to rally one of your allies. Your ally gains a die which they can use to make any kind of action immediately. This ability can be used while it is not your turn.
Strength Training|STR|You have built up your endurance against various hardships. When you take exhaustion, the penalty it imposes on your carry weight is halved. 
Survivor|NER|Recharge K: While you are injured, gain a bonus die which can be used for any action. This ability does not need to be used on your turn.
Temperance|NER|After making a roll of three or less, you may cancel the action involved in that roll, as well as any consequences for failing it. It is as through the action was never taken. Doing so in combat immediately ends your turn. 
Theater|NER|You have a well-established identity which you can easily switch to whenever you need to. You likely will not fool those who have met and would remember you, but to everyone else your identity is indiscernible from your real one. This second identity may be replaced over the course of three days of rehearsal.
Vigilance|PER|You are acutely aware of your surroundings, and never let your guard down. When you are not surprised, you can always act before your opponent in combat. When you are surprised by your enemies at the start of combat, you may roll to act in the first round anyway.
